Your Scores:

Auditory: 30%
Visual: 40%
Tactile: 30%

You are a Visual learner! 

I am pretty aware that I'm a visual learner first and foremost. Though being a close blend of the three also makes a lot of sense.
Although not fit for all situations, I always want to learn from someone who knows the material firstmost before I try to do it myself, just to be sure that I'm doing the task correctly. 
I always look up videos to visually aid me in doing things I am not familiar with. Seeing someone do it correctly helps me feel confident in doing it myself. 

However, I'm also aware that both too much noise and too little noise also affects my study habits. I like listening to music almost any time I spend alone, or a video of someone talking if I'm not doing something
that requires 100% of my attention. Being alone in my room with absolutely no noise is just as distracting to me as working in a busy area with lots of loud noises. If I need to listen to a lecture, I can't simply
sit and watch the screen for long periods; I always have a fidget in my hand or I'm drawing in a sketchbook. 

I feel that "learning styles" isn't really what people think it is, it's more of an evaluation of yourself and becoming aware of how you receive and retai information. I can't help but think that most people
probably get very similar answers to mine, with their biggest learning style being only a few percentages higher than the others. I think the questions themselves are more helpful than the actual "answer", as it gets 
the person to really think about past experiences and how outside distractions affected them. Not to mention, this "learning style" talk has been going on since I was a kid, and I don't really believe
that it's really affected the learning environments. Teachers are taught to be very reliant on the reading and written material, and while the teachers that truly care will try to incorperate more nuanced teaching styles, 
learning styles as a whole is more of a thought experiment than something actually useful to implement into public education.
